manual: Reorg riscv32/64 hardware objects (#1648)
seL4/seL4: manual/parts/vspace.tex

When referring to it generically, we call this top-level paging structure the VSpace object. The
seL4 object type that implements the VSpace object is architecture dependent. For instance on
AArch32, a VSpace is represented by the PageDirectory object and on x64 by a PML4 object.

> On RISC-V the same structure is used for all levels thus the VSpace is a \obj{PageTable} object.

Reviewer: You want this in the RISC-V 32 bit and 64 bit subsubsections, that's where details should go. (I'd rather remove the previous line than adding another detail that shouldn't be here.)

\bottomrule
\end{tabularx}

\subsubsection{RISC-V 32-bit}

> On RISC-V the same structure is used for all levels thus VSpace is a \obj{PageTable} object.

Reviewer 2: Maybe I suggest active voice instead?

```suggestion
On RISC-V, all levels use the same structure. This means VSpace is a \obj{PageTable} object.
```

\subsubsection{RISC-V 64-bit}

> On RISC-V the same structure is used for all levels thus VSpace is a \obj{PageTable} object.

Reviewer 2: (if we change the other one, then also here:)

```suggestion
On RISC-V, all levels use the same structure. This means VSpace is a \obj{PageTable} object.
```
